# Customer-Service provider Income sharing program

## What is it

CSIS is a program the gives Service providers the ability to share a slice of their profits in return for an increase in customers and monthly subscription fees.

## How does it work

A Service provider can start the program by setting a pre-defined pool of shares that can be bought at a set fee (as defined by the Service provider).

A service provider can also set the number of shares an individual customer can purchase. A customer can buy more than 1 share or more shares from a Service provider's pool of shares.

A service provider specifies the **profit cut-off amount** and **Income share bucket amount**.

The amount specified in the Income share bucket is distributed between the Customers proportional to the amount of shares they have.

### **Profit cut-off amount**

The profit cut-off amount specifies the amount of initial profit that is retained by the Service provider, e.g, If a SPs profit cut-off amount is £100 and they only make £50, they will keep the £50 but will not have enough surplus to pay their shareholders, but on the other hand if the cut-off amount is £100 and they make £150, the extra £50 profit will be distributed back to the shareholders, depending on the income share bucket amount.

### **Income share bucket amount**

This is the amount of money that will be paid back to the shareholders, after the profit cut-off amount has been surpassed. Every amount of extra profit made by the service provider will be added to the Income share bucket amount until the specified maximum amount is reached then the remaining will return to the Service provider. 

**Example**: If the Income share bucket amount is £200 and the profict cut-off amount is £100, and the Service provider made £500 for that month, this means that the first £100 of the £500 will be kept by the Service provider, then the next £200 of the £500 will be shared amongst the shareholders, and then finally the remaining amount (£200) will be kept by the Service provider. 

**Example 2**: If the Income share bucket amount is £200 and the profit cut-off amount is £100, and the Service provider made £100 for that month. The service provider will still keep the £100 because it is within the profit cut-off range, but the Customer's will not receive any money because the money made by the Service provider was not enough to reach the Income share bucket range.

### **How is the money distributed**

- For Customers: Each customer has to pay a subscription fee each month, and then (1) provided they meet the Service provider's goals for the month and (2) the amount of money generated by the Service proivider is enough to reach and surpass the Income share bucket amount, they then become eligible to recieve money at the month.
- For Service providers: The service provider sets the Income share bucket amount, which is the amount of money after the profit cut-off amount that is redistributed back to the Customers. At the end of the month they receive 100% of the subscription fees and the profits they made(excluding the Income share bucket amount)

### **What do Customers have to do each month**

Each service provider sets a challenge for each shareholder that has to fulfilled in order for them to receive money at the end of the month. Even if a service provider is subscibed, but they have not completed to challenge, they will not be able to receive money at the end of the month.

## Why is this needed?

The benefits of the CSIS program includes:

- Recurring monthly revenue for Service provider (Income generation: Service provider)
- Customers benefit financially from their favorite buisness doing well (Income generation: Customer)
- Service providers are able to grow their buisness and reach new customers (Buisness growth)
- It gives small/not well known buisness the oppurtunity to have their buisnesses become popular by offering a lucrative deal to interested customers. (Brand growth)

The main benefit of the CSIS is Income generation, as now Service providers are able to have a secondary source of Income plus new monthly customers and on the other hand the customer is able to benefit financially from a buisnesses boom in popularity.

## How is this different from an Affiliate program

- For Customers: The main benefit to customers is access to a larger pool of capital. Compared to an Affiliate program where the customers only get a fraction of a single sale, with the CSIS program the customers get access to the entire pool of income generated by a buisness and so provided they complete the Service provider's challenges, they should be getting a steady source of income each month.
- For Service providrs: One of the benefits to a Service provider is the fact that they receive a steady stream of income from the shares they issue out to their Customers, this can serve as a form of risk mitigation for months where they might not generate a lot of revenue. It can also boost their total revenue for the month. Another benefit is that they can expect to receive new/recurring customers thanks to the challenges given to the shareholders. In scenarios where the shareholder does not complete the challenge, they do not receive money at the end of the month, but the Service provider keeps their Subscription payment.
